and what do we have here what we have
the internal wire of our speakers is
created by Kimber cable and when I
worked for Kimber prior to working for
yg acoustics they came to me and said we
need a very special wire this is a wire
that has a Teflon dielectric or Teflon
insulation and the wires on the inside
are what we call a varus strand in other
words they have variable gauge strands
so the wires on the inside consists of
seven different strand sizes every
strand will each of the seven there
they're doubled up seven strands but
they all have slightly different gauges
so that if one vibrates its neighbor
does not sympathetically resonate right
along with it so that we don't have
increased eddy currents or you know
problems that result is as eddy currents
form because of resonance that's very
thoughtful and so this is a very special
15 gauge verus strand internal wire that
we use inside the speakers